To Whom It May Concern,

I am writing to highly recommend Miss Changxuan Li for admission to the undergraduate program at your esteemed institution. As her Economics teacher at Wuhan Jingkai Foreign Language School for the past two years, I have had the privilege of witnessing her remarkable growth.

Li Changxuan has shown her wisdom beyond her peers in the field of economics. She is quick-thinking and can quickly grasp the core of economic principles. In the second semester of her senior year, she participated in the SIC economic competition. Without systematic guidance, she led her team to win the bronze medal with her outstanding investment portfolio and profound thesis, demonstrating her self-learning ability and leadership talent. 
 
When I entered the second year of high school, I tutored Li Changxuan to prepare for the National Economics Competition. In terms of the difficulty of externality, she quickly mastered the analysis of marginal cost and marginal revenue, and independently proposed a new idea of using the surplus method to judge the loss of dead weight. In the fast-paced classes, she quickly adapted with her focus and hard work, and completed each assignment with high scores. Her rigorous attitude and unremitting efforts won me high recognition. 
 
Li Changxuan also encountered challenges when studying market structure. She found that the market structure image was abstract and difficult to remember, so she took the initiative to communicate with me and work together to find a solution. Through targeted practice, she significantly improved her accuracy rate, which reflects her ability to quickly identify and solve problems, as well as her unremitting diligence. 
 
In the third year of high school, Li Changxuan's academic performance became even better. She not only completes her homework conscientiously, but also often submits it in advance with high quality. In an exam, I designed a consumer equilibrium essay on reverse analysis of image changes. Li Changxuan accurately explained the impact of price decreases on substitution effects and income effects and clearly drew the image. The article was well-structured and logically clear, becoming a model essay for the entire class. This fully demonstrates Li's comprehensive application ability and writing skill in the field of economics. 
 
In summary, Li Changxuan is an outstanding student who is smart, diligent and focused. I sincerely wish her to shine in her future academic journey and firmly believe that she will continue to make breakthroughs in the field of economics. 

Best regards,
Jia Junfei
